Add ENV PMA_UPLOADDIR and PMA_SAVEDIR ENVs (#384)
phpmyadmin/docker: README.md

* ``UPLOAD_LIMIT`` - if set, this option will override the default value for apache and php-fpm (format as `[0-9+](K,M,G)` default value is 2048K, this will change ``upload_max_filesize`` and ``post_max_size`` values)
* ``HIDE_PHP_VERSION`` - if defined, this option will hide the PHP version (`expose_php = Off`). Set to any value (such as `HIDE_PHP_VERSION=true`).
* ``APACHE_PORT`` - if defined, this option will change the default Apache port from `80` in case you want it to run on a different port like an unprivileged port.  Set to any port value (such as `APACHE_PORT=8090`)

> * ``PMA_UPLOADDIR`` - if defined, this option will set the name of the webserver directory where imported files can be saved to be available to import  ([$cfg['UploadDir']](https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/config.html#cfg_UploadDir))
> * ``PMA_SAVEDIR`` - if defined, this option will set the name of the webserver directory where exported files will be saved ([$cfg['SaveDir']](https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/config.html#cfg_SaveDir)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``PMA_UPLOADDIR`` - if defined, this option will set the path where imported files can be saved to be available to import ([$cfg['UploadDir']](https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/config.html#cfg_UploadDir))
* ``PMA_SAVEDIR`` - if defined, this option will set the path where exported files will be saved ([$cfg['SaveDir']](https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/config.html#cfg_SaveDir)) 
```

Reviewer: Let's not make a complicated sense because it will be wrong, since it's saved on the docker volume and if there is no volume on container re-creation it will loose the data
